Handbook: update bug process to include "needs prioritization" label (#13267)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/product/README.md

If a bug is not addressed within six weeks, it is [sent to the product team for triage](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#in-engineering). Each sprint, the Head of Product meets with the group product managers to review these bugs (churned bug review). In this session, bugs are categorized as follows:
- **Continue**: the bug should be prioritized in the next sprint.
- **Needs prioritization**: the bug will likely not be worked on within the next six weeks, but it is still a valid bug.
- **De-prioritized**: the issue will be closed and the necessary subsequent steps will be initiated. This might include updating documentation and informing the community.

After aligning with the group product managers, the Head of Product meets with the CEO and Director of Product Development to discuss and finalize the outcomes for the churned bugs.

> Once outcomes have been approved by the CEO, Product Operations will complete the churned bug clean-up ritual. Below are the steps for each category:

Reviewer: :+1: Merging now, but I think we can phase me out of this in favor of Luke once we've done one of these sessions together with Luke and Mo and Mike and made sure everyone's good.  I also think we need both Luke and Mo at customer voice every week first before we make that change, so we can be confident both of you have context for priorities and impact.

@lukeheath @zhumo

- **Continue**: Product Operations should remove the `:product` label, move the bug ticket to the 'inbox' column on the bug board, and assign it to the appropriate group's Engineering Manager.

> - **Needs Prioritization**: Product Operations should remove both the `bug` and `:product` labels, then apply the `needs prioritization` label.

Reviewer: Needs prioritization

If a bug is not addressed within six weeks, it is [sent to the product team for triage](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#in-engineering). Each sprint, the Head of Product meets with PMs to review these bugs (churned bug review). In this session, bugs are categorized as follows:
- **Continue**: the bug should be prioritized in the next sprint.
- **Needs prioritization**: the bug will likely not be worked on within the next six weeks, but it is still a valid bug.
- **De-prioritized**: the issue will be closed and the necessary subsequent steps will be initiated. This might include updating documentation and informing the community.

After aligning with PMs, the Head of Product meets with the CEO and Director of Product Development to discuss and finalize the outcomes for the churned bugs.

Once outcomes have been approved by the CEO, Product Operations will complete the churned bug clean-up ritual. Below are the steps for each category:

> - **Continue**: Product Operations should remove the `:product` label and assign it to the appropriate group's Engineering Manager.

Reviewer 2: Also need to move it to the "inbox" column on the bugs board.

- **Needs Prioritization**: Product Operations should remove both the `bug` and `:product` labels, then apply the orange `needs prioritization` label.

> - **De-prioritized**: Product Operations should close the issue and engage relevant teams for the necessary follow-up actions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **De-prioritized**: Product Operations should close the issue and completes the agreed-upon follow-up actions.
```

> If a bug is not addressed within 6 weeks, [it is sent to the product team for triage](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/engineering#in-engineering). During the sprint kickoff review ritual, each product group PM should review every bug which is marked in this way with the Head of Product and recommended whether a bug should be kept for the next sprint or de-prioritized. A de-prioritized bugs might include action items such as documentation of the defect. The Head of Product then reviews the bug recommendations with the CEO in the bug de-prioritization review ritual. 

Reviewer 2: I think this should be updated, right? We're no longer doing it at the sprint review kickoff ritual. It's being done separately.

Author: @zhumo I've updated to capture process changes.

> If a bug should be kept for the next sprint, the group PM should:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a bug should be kept for the next sprint, Product Operations should:
```

- Remove the :product label.
- Move the bug to the "Inbox" column on the bugs board and assign it to the appropriate EM.

> If a bug may be prioritized but might not be addressed in the next sprint, Product Operations should: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If a bug will not likely be worked on in the next six weeks but is still a valid bug, Product Operations should: 
```

- Remove the :product and bug labels.

> - Assign the orange 'needs prioritization' label.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Assign the orange 'needs prioritization' label.  
- Close out any agreed-upon action items such as documentation or stakeholder communication
```
